# Combinatorics

Collection of methods to generate combinatorics patterns like combinations
& permutations.
For sets java.util.Set is used, for multisets or ordered arrangements
java.util.List is used.

The methods are named by the following pattern:
(partial)Combination/Permutation(Rep)(N)
 - Partial: the result hold less elements than the initial set (omitted for
combination because a non-partial combination is the initial set).
 - Combination: combinations of the initial set are generated.
 - Permutation: permutations of the initial set are generated.
 - Rep: elements can be in the result more than once
 - N: doesn't generate any patterns but calculates the number of patterns
that will be generated by the corresponding method

## Usage

All methods are placed in the class Combinatorics and are static.
The methods should be, with the documentation comments, self-explanatory.

## Getting Started

Simply download this repository and add it to your project as a new package!
Done!

## TODO

 - [ ] Multiset intput
 - [ ] Scientific names
 - [ ] Iterative option?
 - [ ] Maybe a colourful graphic for this readme
 - [x] Documentation

## License (MIT)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Sebastian Gössl

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
